have you guys  ever wanted to change yourself  [Music]  [Music]  check it out i got my steak and rice  bowl  because i know rice is best shut up and  uh  got cucumber with salad dressing got  sliced up avocado and got  cooked  asparagus because i think uh you know i  gotta have at least one cooked vegetable  steak  [Music]  really good  um  but she's like if you're feeling pain we  can't feel it it could be very tiny okay  we could be in there and we just we have  to be able to see  through ultrasound if there's any type  of lumps that we can't physically feel  ourselves and to be on our shoes just  like one two three i'm back at the hotel  can you see me hi um  i'm a little nervous  because  [Music]  there's no answers yet i was hoping  she'd be  like oh it's this  just take this pill it's done or oh it's  that just take this supplement it's done  and she was like i have no idea what's  wrong with you  [Music]  hi how are you how are you you doing  good i'm happy i'm hungry yeah  me  me always  i'm always hungry  [Applause]  when tequila sam  walks up to that group of school girls  and attempts to make them laugh  there's nothing funny about it  there's nothing charming about it  none of those girls are flirting with  him  none of them are happy to meet him  it's an awkward situation  in which japanese people  are trying to save  face  in plain english  they're trying to help you  avoid feeling  embarrassed  and in a strange sense  they're trying to avoid  feeling embarrassed  themselves it's not so different from  our culture of  nervous laughter  how would you feel  if when you were a teenager whether  you're a teenage boy  teenage girl think back to those here's  your life  how would you feel if an enormously  obese foreigner  doesn't doesn't really matter which  ethnicities are involved here imagine  yourself as a white teenage girl  in london england and an enormously fat  black man from africa  waddles up to you and makes the same  kind of joke  tko sam  makes here waddles up to you and a group  of your friends  is it funny  you're not laughing with him  and you're not laughing at him  you're just trying  to save face you're just trying to cope  with the embarrassment  of this strange unasked four situation  any way you can  now i think this is worth criticizing i  think this is really worth  pointing the finger at because tko sam  for about 10 years  he has been actively marketing this  fantasy  on youtube he's saying you yes you can  buy an airplane ticket fly halfway  around the world and you can get the  attention and adoration of so many  beautiful women  his bedrock claim  again and again and again  on his channel has been  that he is fat  and he gets laid  anyway that he has been grotesquely fat  in japan for all these years but that  because he's self-confident  because he's funny because he has a  devil may care attitude  that allegedly  women are  lining up  to sleep with him and you know  the details  are always lacking i've never once  heard this guy say  how many girlfriends he's had  in the last year  how many women he slept with  in the last five years  how many of those were  commitment relationships  as opposed to one night stands there are  many different levels  on which this is obviously  selling people  a fantasy  and it's his fantasy it's a fantasy  that's ruining his life  right now and he's inviting you  to ruin your own life  by believing in it  i've lived in quite a few different  countries  in asia and there were times when i  could say to you  an attractive  woman  would proposition me for sex  every day  that i left the house  every i i never went to nightclubs never  once i didn't go to bars i didn't go to  nightclubs i was like going from my  apartment  to the library i was going from my  apartment  to the gym and yeah often enough i had a  job to go back and forth from  there were times when it was  one a week  and you know what  i said no  every  single  time  i turned them down  over and over  and over again  and i met guys who were living the  opposite lifestyle not that many but  there were a couple guys i really talked  to  in depth about what it was like to try  to sleep with the greatest number of  women possible while they were living in  asia this is a short anecdote but it's  illustrative was once talking to this  guy he had a little bit of a chip on his  shoulder  he was born and raised  um  as an ethnically brown-skinned person  in uh  we'll just say in the united states of  america and he was in that category  where  in america white people didn't accept  him but also black people didn't accept  them and also hispanic people didn't  accept he always felt like he was a bit  of an outsider  and he always had to compete just to get  attention and just to get respect and i  i think he really had a sense of of kind  of wanting revenge  on society by trying to seduce and sleep  with women  uh all around the world you know so  already you can see there are elements  of this that were that were tragic and i  remember he got into  boasting to me that  although  large breasted women were really rare in  that part of asia  that he was nevertheless very proud of  himself because he seduced and slept  with this  one young woman i think  18 or 19 or something really who had  large breasts  he had finished university a couple  years before so i mean he wasn't that  much older i don't know i don't know if  he was 23 or 22. he wasn't he wasn't  that much shockingly orthonor he pretty  much went straight out of university  into womanizing  and  um you know without missing a beat  my response to him was this  yeah  and where did you put your passport that  night  while you were in the hotel room with  her and uh he burst out laughing  immediately and he said dude you have no  idea what it's like that he had taken  his wallet and his passport and hidden  it  in a pillow case and kept it right under  his head and he started regaling me with  the details about how all night he had  been afraid  that he had been  keeping one eye open as he tried to  sleep with his face on his wallet and  passport because like okay you  you managed to sleep with this woman but  the level of trust  the level of respect is so low  you think she's gonna rob you  and you even think the only reason she  slept with you is because she wanted to  rob you that's how you live your life  that's who you are  you know do that for five years or ten  years  and you think you're not a scumbag at  the end of it if you weren't a scumbag  at the beginning of that process you  think you would be by the end of the  process like this lifestyle tko sam  pretends he's living and  it is not convincing in any way if you  think he's womanizing when he walks up  to these women and acts like a clown  he's like hey let's all take photographs  or instagram together  you don't know what womanizing is okay  if you think that guy is successfully  seducing or getting laid with any of  those women  you don't know the first thing about  relations between the sexes you know  what maybe  maybe some of his fans  really do fall into that category but  let's just imagine a parallel universe  in which this wasn't all a lie  let's just imagine a parallel universe  in which this guy  really was  the womanizer  that he pretends to be what kind of a  scumbag  would he be  today the choices that you make  in this way  just as ineluctably  as the choices you make in your diet  the choices you make in relation to  drugs and alcohol the choices you make  in relation to self-discipline the  choices you make  change  the person  you are  it's completely useless to talk to  someone like tkyo sam  about  self-respect  we live in a culture today the most  despicable people  have excess  self-respect they have so much  self-respect  that they can come here on youtube  and sell you some of the self-respect  they have left over  oh yeah  what i have to say to people like tikio  sam  is to stop  kidding themselves  and thinking that these women  who laugh  nervously when they make a joke  to stop thinking that those women have  any respect for them  sam  these people  despise you  and if you want to get motivated  to make the change that you have been  saying for  decades you're gonna make  maybe you need to take a step back  and with all due detachment take a look  at yourself through their eyes  maybe at this juncture what you need is  not self-respect  and not self-esteem  maybe you need to despise yourself  maybe you need to have some detachment  and really recognize  how despicable  you are  spaghetti  i want you to think  for one moment  about what seduction means  in principle  if you seduce someone  you're convincing them  that you are somebody other  than who you really are  you're convincing them  that your motivations  are better  than  they really are your intentions  are better than they really are to  seduce someone  is to create the illusion  that you're a better person than you  really are even if that lasts for just  one  shameful  night  people still ask me  for advice  about open relationships about polyamory  about our currently fashionable  socially acceptable mode of  sleeping around  if you're unhappy with your own life  and you start seducing  others  you think you're going to become happy  with your life you think you're going to  become happy  with who you are  or do you think  you're gonna hone  the skills necessary  to lie  to other people  about who you really are and you think  there's a chance  that once you get really good at it  you might  also  start lying  to yourself  [Music]  so  [Music]  you